h1. Fudge Form

Fudge Form is a way of building easier, semantically correct forms using a custom form builder.
Building forms in rails is boring and repetitive. This plugin helps to remove the boredom and 
fills you full of form building mega powers.

Fudge Form is based on Semantic Form Builder[1] by Ruby Pond[2]. The main difference is that 
Fudge Form generates forms to fit with the method of building forms described on A List Apart[3]
using fieldsets and ols to wrap your content.

This plugin is currently experimental and does not have any tests. Use at your own peril.

h2. Example

Fudge Form currently only works with form_for. An example is show below:

<pre>
<code>
<% form_for @user do |f| %>
	<% f.field_set "Your Details" do %>
		<%= f.text_field :name, :label => 'Your Name', :required => true %>
		<%= f.password_field :password, :required => true %>
	<% end %>
	<%= f.submit 'Submit' %>
<% end %>
</code>
</pre>

Which will give you:

<pre>
<code>
&lt;form action="/users/" method="post"&gt;
	&lt;fieldset&gt;
		&lt;legend&gt;Your Details&lt;/legend&gt;
		&lt;ol&gt;
			&lt;li class="required"&gt;
				&lt;label for="user_name"&gt;Your Name &lt;em&gt;*&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/label&gt;
				&lt;input type="text" name="user[name]" id="user_name" class="required" /&gt;
			&lt;/li&gt;
			&lt;li class="required"&gt;
				&lt;label for="user_password"&gt;Password &lt;em&gt;*&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/label&gt;
				&lt;input type="password" name="user[password]" id="user_password" class="required" /&gt;
			&lt;/li&gt;
		&lt;/ol&gt;
	&lt;/fieldset&gt;
	&lt;div class="buttons"&gt;
		&lt;input type="submit" value="Submit" /&gt;
	&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/form&gt;
</code>
</pre>

I'll post a more complete example once I get time. Have a look in the code until then, yo!

f1. "http://github.com/rubypond/semantic_form_builder/tree/master":http://github.com/rubypond/semantic_form_builder/tree/master
f2. "http://rubypond.com/":http://rubypond.com/
f3. "http://www.alistapart.com/articles/prettyaccessibleforms/":http://www.alistapart.com/articles/prettyaccessibleforms/

Copyright (c) 2008 Jim Neath / Fudge Studios Ltd, released under the MIT license
